Disable overwriting ingest pipelines by default. (#2452)
elastic/apm-server: changelogs/7.2.asciidoc

https://github.com/elastic/apm-server/compare/v7.2.0\...v7.2.1[View commits]

[float]
==== Known issues

> - `apm-server.register.ingest.pipeline.overwrite` set to true by default {pull}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pipelines are overwritten by default - `apm-server.register.ingest.pipeline.overwrite` defaults to true.  Set `apm-server.register.ingest.pipeline.overwrite` to `false` explicitly to work around this.
```
